# SLRQA: A Sparse Low-Rank Quaternion Model for Color Image Processing

## Project Summary

This MATLAB project implements the "Sparse Low-Rank Quaternion Model for Color Image Processing" as outlined in the associated scientific paper. It provides a comprehensive framework for applying quaternion models to color image processing tasks.

## Code Structure

Detailed breakdown of project directories and their contents:

- `imagedata/`: Contains the image data files that the model will process. This directory should be populated with your images before running the experiments.
- `Private/`: This directory is used to store confidential MATLAB `.p` files which are precompiled MATLAB code files that cannot be viewed or edited. These files contain critical functions or proprietary algorithms essential to the project.
- `qtfm/`: Contains the MATLAB package for quaternion transformations and operations. This package is essential for handling the quaternion aspects of the color image processing model.
- `result/`: Stores the output results from the experiments, including processed images and any data metrics that are generated by the scripts.
- `solver/`: Includes MATLAB functions and scripts used for solving the model. These are the computational backbone of the project, implementing the algorithms described in the paper.

## How to Run the Code

To run this MATLAB project, follow these steps:

1. Open MATLAB.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Ensure that the `imagedata/` folder is populated with the images you intend to process.
4. Run the main script by typing the following in the MATLAB command window:
   ```matlab
   run SLRQANF3example.m